documentation/information.md, before:

# appDeploymentLifecycle
- Contains scripts and instructions to provision machines.
- **Local Machine** - This repository is cloned to the local environment and files are installed from it to the OS (usually by symlinking). 
    - _In addition it contains personal development notes._
- **Production Machine** - Configurations and scripts related to IaaS setup (e.g. Google Compure Engine) are used to replicate a production environment.
- **Continues Deployment** - Instructions for setting up the applications deployment lifecycle, e.g. Configurations for CI & CD server for automating deployment process.
- **Projects Generator** 
- Architecture of modules includes the main application code (foundation) and the other adapter code (adapter). [CLI & API adateprs](/documentation/DesignPatternsConceptsConventions/cliAndApi.md)
        Similar terminology of https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web/tree/master/docs/code. 

[Glossary for terms used in related projects](./documentation/glossary.md)
___

[TODO list](/documentation/todo-list.md)

___

### 🔑 License: [MIT](/.github/LICENSE)

Commit message:

✒ Create an enrypoint powershell script for both Windows and WSL setups. ⚗ Refactor - Move provision related configs from documentation files.

documentation/information.md, after:

# appDeploymentLifecycle
- Contains scripts and instructions to provision machines.
- **Local Machine** - This repository is cloned to the local environment and files are installed from it to the OS (usually by symlinking). 
    - _In addition it contains personal development notes._
- **Production Machine** - Configurations and scripts related to IaaS setup (e.g. Google Compure Engine) are used to replicate a production environment.
- **Continues Deployment** - Instructions for setting up the applications deployment lifecycle, e.g. Configurations for CI & CD server for automating deployment process.
- **Projects Generator** 
- Architecture of modules includes the main application code (foundation) and the other adapter code (adapter). [CLI & API adateprs](/documentation/DesignPatternsConceptsConventions/cliAndApi.md)
        Similar terminology of https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web/tree/master/docs/code. 

Resources folder -
•  contains configuration files that are version controlled for WSL, Windows OS, and deployment VMs/Containers provisionning. In addition to setup instruction notes.

[Glossary for terms used in related projects](./documentation/glossary.md)
___

# Usage: 
# in elevated powershell: 
./entrypoint/windows.ps1
___

[TODO list](/documentation/todo-list.md)

___

### 🔑 License: [MIT](/.github/LICENSE)
